Don't check
This case has been forced by me
What!
This person is a member of Qianlang's stockade of counterfeit products
It is said that the creditors are decisive
This man has seen an uprising
Breaking into households in the middle of the night to steal property
Afraid of the other party being exposed
I closed the window
And people here use fireplaces to keep warm
Charcoal burning is toxic
It caused them all to suffocate
Nonsense, I saw a few of them with my own eyes last night
Obviously died on the street
That's your hallucination
This is the last time you saw a doctor.
The psychiatric diagnosis issued by the hospital for you
That's not possible.
I was sober last night.
Song Xiaozi, this matter is over
Don't look into this case again.
I will ask the commander to intercede for you.
Let the handsome let you live
This time the credit is mine
Hahahaha
Han Erye
Your hospital appraisal certificate is fake, right?
Song Xun
I advise you not to be too busy.
Don't be so stubborn
It's ready for business.
What's your life?
Is that how you act as a parent?
I am their parent
But should they cause trouble for their parents?
Die you want to taste do you have a clue
It's your business if you die
I not only want to check
I also need to check an ink stone.
I'm with people like you
Yingbin Street
Here they come